Update doc for CA1506 to mention exclusion of generated types (#5015)
MicrosoftDocs/visualstudio-docs: docs/code-quality/ca1506.md

## Cause

> A type or method is coupled with many other types excluding generated types.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A type or method is coupled with many other types. Compiler generated types are excluded from this metric.
```
